# OceanBase Connector/ODBC V2.0.7

## Version information

* Release date: February 27, 2023
* Version: V2.0.7

## Overview

OceanBase Database/ODBC V2.0.7 has been released to cater to customers' application launch and proof of concept (POC) needs.

## Feature enhancements

* Added support for the REF CURSOR data type in Oracle mode. For more information, see [Obtain the REF CURSOR data type](../../300.user-guide/300.get-cursor-type.md).
* A new feature has been added to limit the size of log files. This feature splits a large log file into multiple smaller ones for improved management and performance. For more information, see [Enable logging](../../300.user-guide/200.turn-on-log.md).

## Bug fixes

* Fixed the slow data synchronization issue when the Informatica tool calls ODBC to access data.
* Fixed the issue of inaccurate SQLGetInfo results when called under MySQL tenants.
* Fixed the issue where the Scale specified in `SQL_NUMERIC_STRUCT` in Oracle mode does not take effect in SQLBindParameter.
* Fixed the issue where `SQLColAttribute` and `SQL_DESC_PRECISION` incorrectly retrieve the number of bits for the FLOAT, BINARY_FLOAT, and BINARY_DOUBLE data types.
* Fixed the issue where a parsing error occurs while calling `{ CALL xxx(?,?)}` in C# due to a white space in the `{ CALL` part.
* Fixed the inconsistency issue with Oracle results when calling `SQLGetTypeInfo(Stmt, SQL_ALL_TYPES)` in Oracle mode.
* Fixed the issue of incorrect data copying when using `SQLCopyDesc`.
* Fixed the issue where `SQLForeignKeys` is missing the `FK_NAME` field when called through ODBC.
* Fixed the issue where an error occurs when obtaining a stored procedure containing `PACKAGE` through `SQLProcedureColumns`.
* Fixed the issue where an error occurs when obtaining a PL containing `PACKAGE` through `SQLProcedures`.
* Fixed the issue where an error occurs when the ISQL tool is used in a 32-bit or ARM system.

